ViewModels and Validation Chapter (#20)
LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-dev-curriculum: content/viewmodels/reading/viewmodels-intro/index.md

## Refactoring the Project

To start with understanding why we may want to use a ViewModel, let’s refactor our code to use a model directly in our view. This will require some updates to our controllers and views.

We need to do the following steps:
1. [Create our new ViewModel]({{< relref "#creating-a-viewmodel" >}})
1. [Update the Model]({{< relref "#update-the-model-with-nullable-values" >}})
1. [Update our Index Action Method]({{< relref "#update-the-index-action-method-in-the-controller" >}})
1. [Update the Index View]({{< relref "#update-the-index-view" >}})
1. [Update the Add Action Method]({{< relref "#update-the-add-and-newevent-action-methods-in-the-controller" >}})

> 1. [Update the NewEvent Action Method]({{< relref "#update-the-add-and-newevent-action-methods-in-the-controller" >}})

Reviewer: These are under the same heading could combine them?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Update the Add an New Event Action Methods]({{< relref "#update-the-add-and-newevent-action-methods-in-the-controller" >}})
```
